you shall not make idols
you shall not make idols neither a carved image nor a sacred
neither a carved image nor a sacred
neither a carved image nor a sacred pillars shall you rear up for yourselves
pillars shall you rear up for yourselves
pillars shall you rear up for yourselves nor shall you set up an engraved stone
nor shall you set up an engraved stone
nor shall you set up an engraved stone in your land to bow down to it for I am
in your land to bow down to it for I am
in your land to bow down to it for I am the Lord your God you shall keep my
the Lord your God you shall keep my
the Lord your God you shall keep my Sabbath's and reverence my sanctuary I
Sabbath's and reverence my sanctuary I
Sabbath's and reverence my sanctuary I am the Lord if you walk in my statutes
am the Lord if you walk in my statutes
am the Lord if you walk in my statutes and keep my Commandments and perform
and keep my Commandments and perform
and keep my Commandments and perform them then I will give you reign in its
them then I will give you reign in its
them then I will give you reign in its season the land shall yield its produce
season the land shall yield its produce
season the land shall yield its produce and the trees of the field shall yield
and the trees of the field shall yield
and the trees of the field shall yield their fruit your threshing shall last
their fruit your threshing shall last
their fruit your threshing shall last till the time of vintage and the vintage
till the time of vintage and the vintage
till the time of vintage and the vintage shall last till the time of sowing you
shall last till the time of sowing you
shall last till the time of sowing you shall eat your bread to the full and
shall eat your bread to the full and
shall eat your bread to the full and dwell in your land safely I will give
dwell in your land safely I will give
dwell in your land safely I will give peace in the land and you shall lie down
peace in the land and you shall lie down
peace in the land and you shall lie down and none will make you afraid I will rid
and none will make you afraid I will rid
and none will make you afraid I will rid the land of evil beasts and the sword
the land of evil beasts and the sword
the land of evil beasts and the sword will not go through your land you will
will not go through your land you will
will not go through your land you will chase your enemies and they shall fall
chase your enemies and they shall fall
chase your enemies and they shall fall by the sword before you five of you
by the sword before you five of you
by the sword before you five of you shall chase a hundred and a hundred of
shall chase a hundred and a hundred of
shall chase a hundred and a hundred of you shall put ten thousand to flight
you shall put ten thousand to flight
you shall put ten thousand to flight your enemies shall fall by the sword
your enemies shall fall by the sword
your enemies shall fall by the sword before you for I will look on you
before you for I will look on you
before you for I will look on you favoring
favoring
favoring and make you fruitful multiply you and
and make you fruitful multiply you and
and make you fruitful multiply you and confirm my covenant with you you shall
confirm my covenant with you you shall
confirm my covenant with you you shall eat the old harvest and clear out the
eat the old harvest and clear out the
eat the old harvest and clear out the old because of the noon I will set my
old because of the noon I will set my
old because of the noon I will set my Tabernacle among you and my soul shall
Tabernacle among you and my soul shall
Tabernacle among you and my soul shall not apoyo I will walk among you and be
not apoyo I will walk among you and be
not apoyo I will walk among you and be your God and you shall be my people I am
your God and you shall be my people I am
your God and you shall be my people I am the Lord your God who brought you out of
the Lord your God who brought you out of
the Lord your God who brought you out of the land of Egypt that you should not be
the land of Egypt that you should not be
the land of Egypt that you should not be their slaves I have broken the bands of
their slaves I have broken the bands of
their slaves I have broken the bands of your yoke and made you walk upright but
your yoke and made you walk upright but
your yoke and made you walk upright but if you do not obey me and do not observe
if you do not obey me and do not observe
if you do not obey me and do not observe all these Commandments and if you
all these Commandments and if you
all these Commandments and if you despise my statutes or if your soul
despise my statutes or if your soul
despise my statutes or if your soul abhors my judgments so that you do not
abhors my judgments so that you do not
abhors my judgments so that you do not perform all my commandments but break my
perform all my commandments but break my
perform all my commandments but break my covenant I also will do this to you
covenant I also will do this to you
covenant I also will do this to you I will even appoint terror over you
I will even appoint terror over you
I will even appoint terror over you wasting disease and fever which shall
wasting disease and fever which shall
wasting disease and fever which shall consume the eyes and cause sorrow of
consume the eyes and cause sorrow of
consume the eyes and cause sorrow of heart and you shall sow your seed in
heart and you shall sow your seed in
heart and you shall sow your seed in vain for your enemies shall eat it I
vain for your enemies shall eat it I
vain for your enemies shall eat it I will set my face against you and you
will set my face against you and you
will set my face against you and you shall be defeated by your enemies those
shall be defeated by your enemies those
shall be defeated by your enemies those who hate you shall reign over you and
who hate you shall reign over you and
who hate you shall reign over you and you shall flee when no one pursues you
you shall flee when no one pursues you
you shall flee when no one pursues you and after all this if you do not obey me
and after all this if you do not obey me
and after all this if you do not obey me then I will punish you seven times more
then I will punish you seven times more
then I will punish you seven times more for your sins I will break the pride of
for your sins I will break the pride of
for your sins I will break the pride of your power I will make your heavens like
your power I will make your heavens like
your power I will make your heavens like iron and your earth like bronze and your
iron and your earth like bronze and your
iron and your earth like bronze and your strength shall be spent in vain
strength shall be spent in vain
strength shall be spent in vain for your land shall not yield its
for your land shall not yield its
for your land shall not yield its produce nor shall the trees of the land
produce nor shall the trees of the land
produce nor shall the trees of the land yield their fruit then if you walk
yield their fruit then if you walk
yield their fruit then if you walk contrary to me and are not willing to
contrary to me and are not willing to
contrary to me and are not willing to obey me I will bring on you 7
obey me I will bring on you 7
obey me I will bring on you 7 small plagues according to your sins I
small plagues according to your sins I
small plagues according to your sins I will also send wild beasts among you
will also send wild beasts among you
will also send wild beasts among you which shall rob you of your children
which shall rob you of your children
which shall rob you of your children destroy your livestock and make you few
destroy your livestock and make you few
destroy your livestock and make you few in number and your highways shall be
in number and your highways shall be
in number and your highways shall be desolate and if by these things you are
desolate and if by these things you are
desolate and if by these things you are not reformed by me but walk contrary to
not reformed by me but walk contrary to
not reformed by me but walk contrary to me then I also will walk contrary to you
me then I also will walk contrary to you
me then I also will walk contrary to you and I will punish you yet seven times
and I will punish you yet seven times
and I will punish you yet seven times for your sins and I will bring a sword
for your sins and I will bring a sword
for your sins and I will bring a sword against you that will execute the
against you that will execute the
against you that will execute the vengeance of the Covenant when you are
vengeance of the Covenant when you are
vengeance of the Covenant when you are gathered together within your cities I
gathered together within your cities I
gathered together within your cities I will send pestilence among you and you
will send pestilence among you and you
will send pestilence among you and you shall be delivered into the hand of the
shall be delivered into the hand of the
shall be delivered into the hand of the enemy when I have cut off your supply of
enemy when I have cut off your supply of
enemy when I have cut off your supply of bread ten women shall bake your bread in
bread ten women shall bake your bread in
bread ten women shall bake your bread in one oven and they shall bring back your
one oven and they shall bring back your
one oven and they shall bring back your bread by wait and you shall eat and not
bread by wait and you shall eat and not
bread by wait and you shall eat and not be satisfied and after all this if you
be satisfied and after all this if you
be satisfied and after all this if you do not obey me but walk contrary to me
do not obey me but walk contrary to me
do not obey me but walk contrary to me then I also will walk contrary to you in
then I also will walk contrary to you in
then I also will walk contrary to you in fury and I even I will chastise you
fury and I even I will chastise you
fury and I even I will chastise you seven times for your sins you shall eat
seven times for your sins you shall eat
seven times for your sins you shall eat the flesh of your sons and you shall eat
the flesh of your sons and you shall eat
the flesh of your sons and you shall eat the flesh of your daughters I will
the flesh of your daughters I will
the flesh of your daughters I will destroy your high places cut down your
destroy your high places cut down your
destroy your high places cut down your incense altars and cast your carcasses
incense altars and cast your carcasses
incense altars and cast your carcasses on the lifeless forms of your idols and
on the lifeless forms of your idols and
on the lifeless forms of your idols and my soul shall abhor you I will lay your
my soul shall abhor you I will lay your
my soul shall abhor you I will lay your cities waste and bring your sanctuaries
cities waste and bring your sanctuaries
cities waste and bring your sanctuaries to desolation and I will not smell the
to desolation and I will not smell the
to desolation and I will not smell the fragrance of
fragrance of
fragrance of sweet aromas I will bring the land to
sweet aromas I will bring the land to
sweet aromas I will bring the land to desolation and your enemies who dwell in
desolation and your enemies who dwell in
desolation and your enemies who dwell in it shall be astonished at it I will
it shall be astonished at it I will
it shall be astonished at it I will scatter you among the nations and draw
scatter you among the nations and draw
scatter you among the nations and draw out a sword after you your land shall be
out a sword after you your land shall be
out a sword after you your land shall be desolate and your cities waste then the
desolate and your cities waste then the
desolate and your cities waste then the land shall enjoy its Sabbath's as long
land shall enjoy its Sabbath's as long
land shall enjoy its Sabbath's as long as it lies desolate and you are in your
as it lies desolate and you are in your
as it lies desolate and you are in your enemy's land then the land shall rest
enemy's land then the land shall rest
enemy's land then the land shall rest and enjoy its Sabbath's as long as it
and enjoy its Sabbath's as long as it
and enjoy its Sabbath's as long as it lies desolate it shall rest for the time
lies desolate it shall rest for the time
lies desolate it shall rest for the time it did not rest on your Sabbath's when
it did not rest on your Sabbath's when
it did not rest on your Sabbath's when you dwelt in it and as for those of you
you dwelt in it and as for those of you
you dwelt in it and as for those of you who are left
who are left
who are left I will send faintness into their hearts
I will send faintness into their hearts
I will send faintness into their hearts in the lands of their enemies the sound
in the lands of their enemies the sound
in the lands of their enemies the sound of a shaken leaf shall cause them to
of a shaken leaf shall cause them to
of a shaken leaf shall cause them to flee they shall flee as though fleeing
flee they shall flee as though fleeing
flee they shall flee as though fleeing from a sword and they shall fall when no
from a sword and they shall fall when no
from a sword and they shall fall when no one pursues they shall stumble over one
one pursues they shall stumble over one
one pursues they shall stumble over one another as it were before a sword when
another as it were before a sword when
another as it were before a sword when no one pursues and you shall have no
no one pursues and you shall have no
no one pursues and you shall have no power to stand before your enemies you
power to stand before your enemies you
power to stand before your enemies you shall perish among the nations and the
shall perish among the nations and the
shall perish among the nations and the land of your enemies shall eat you up
land of your enemies shall eat you up
land of your enemies shall eat you up and those of you who are left shall
and those of you who are left shall
and those of you who are left shall waste away in their iniquity in your
waste away in their iniquity in your
waste away in their iniquity in your enemy's lands also in their father's
enemy's lands also in their father's
enemy's lands also in their father's iniquities which are with them they
iniquities which are with them they
iniquities which are with them they shall wish
shall wish
shall wish but if they confess their iniquity and
but if they confess their iniquity and
but if they confess their iniquity and the iniquity of their fathers with their
the iniquity of their fathers with their
the iniquity of their fathers with their unfaithfulness in which they were
unfaithfulness in which they were
unfaithfulness in which they were unfaithful to me and that they also have
unfaithful to me and that they also have
unfaithful to me and that they also have walked contrary to me and that I also
walked contrary to me and that I also
walked contrary to me and that I also have walked contrary to them and have
have walked contrary to them and have
have walked contrary to them and have brought them into the land of their
brought them into the land of their
brought them into the land of their enemies if their uncircumcised hearts
enemies if their uncircumcised hearts
enemies if their uncircumcised hearts are humbled and they accept their guilt
are humbled and they accept their guilt
are humbled and they accept their guilt then I will remember my covenant with
then I will remember my covenant with
then I will remember my covenant with Jacob and my covenant with Isaac and my
Jacob and my covenant with Isaac and my
Jacob and my covenant with Isaac and my covenant with Abraham I will remember I
covenant with Abraham I will remember I
covenant with Abraham I will remember I will remember the land the land also
will remember the land the land also
will remember the land the land also shall be left empty by them and will
shall be left empty by them and will
shall be left empty by them and will enjoy its Sabbath's while it lies
enjoy its Sabbath's while it lies
enjoy its Sabbath's while it lies desolate without them they will accept
desolate without them they will accept
desolate without them they will accept their guilt because they despised my
their guilt because they despised my
their guilt because they despised my judgments and because their soul
judgments and because their soul
judgments and because their soul abhorred my statutes yet for all that
abhorred my statutes yet for all that
abhorred my statutes yet for all that when they are in the land of their
when they are in the land of their
when they are in the land of their enemies I will not cast them away
enemies I will not cast them away
enemies I will not cast them away nor shall I abhor them to utterly
nor shall I abhor them to utterly
nor shall I abhor them to utterly destroy them and break my covenant with
destroy them and break my covenant with
destroy them and break my covenant with them for I am the Lord their God but for
them for I am the Lord their God but for
them for I am the Lord their God but for their sake I will remember the Covenant
their sake I will remember the Covenant
their sake I will remember the Covenant of their ancestors whom I brought out of
of their ancestors whom I brought out of
of their ancestors whom I brought out of the land of Egypt in the sight of the
the land of Egypt in the sight of the
the land of Egypt in the sight of the nations that I might be their God
nations that I might be their God
nations that I might be their God I am the Lord
these are the statutes and judgments and
these are the statutes and judgments and laws which the Lord made between himself
laws which the Lord made between himself
laws which the Lord made between himself and the children of Israel on Mount
and the children of Israel on Mount
and the children of Israel on Mount Sinai by the hand of Moses
Sinai by the hand of Moses
Sinai by the hand of Moses [Music]